{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Green light on the concept, but pivot the SEO strategy slightly. Don't try to rank for "AI logo maker" (you'll get crushed). Instead, go hard on:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 "brand kit for [vertical]" \'97 30+ pages\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 "AI brand kit generator" \'97 your homepage target\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0 "brand identity for [vertical]" \'97 secondary long-tail\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 	\'95		\'95	
\f0 Comparison pages vs Mavic, Looka, Canva \'97 steal their branded traffic\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
100% correct call. Save the $12. Use 
\f3 snapbrand.vercel.app
\f2  (or whatever name is available) for the MVP.\
The SEO pages won't rank for weeks/months anyway \'97 Google doesn't index new domains instantly regardless. So there's zero SEO penalty to starting on a Vercel subdomain. Validate that people actually click "Generate" and that the AI output is good enough to make someone consider paying. THEN buy the domain and point it.\
The only thing I'd adjust in the plan: skip AdSense setup entirely for now too. You need 1K+ pageviews/day before it matters, and Google won't even approve a brand new site. That's a post-validation add.\
So your weekend MVP scope tightens to:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Supabase project + paste schema\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stripe product ($9.99/mo)\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Claude Code 
\f4 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  scaffold with CLAUDE.md + lib files\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build core flow: input 
\f4 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  generate 
\f4 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  results page\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build 5-10 top vertical pages (not all 30 yet)\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Deploy to 
\f3 snapbrand.vercel.app
\f2 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Post to Reddit / IndieHackers for initial traffic\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Watch what happens\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Domain purchase becomes Step 1 of 
\f5\b week 2
\f2\b0  \'97 only if people actually use it.\
}